New data source `azurerm_mssql_server` and new block `restorable_dropped_databases` in `azuerrm_mssql_server` (#7917)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/mssql_database.html.markdown

* `restore_point_in_time` - (Required) Specifies the point in time (ISO8601 format) of the source database that will be restored to create the new database. This property is only settable for `create_mode`= `PointInTimeRestore`  databases.

> * `recoverable_database_id` - (Optional) The ID of the database to be recoveried. This property is only settable and required when `create_mode`=`Recovery`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `recoverable_database_id` - (Optional) The ID of the database to be recovered. This property is only applicable when the `create_mode` is `Recovery`.
```

> * `restorable_dropped_database_id` - (Optional) The ID of the database to be restored. This property is only settable and required when `create_mode`=`Restore`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `restorable_dropped_database_id` - (Optional) The ID of the database to be restored. This property is only applicable when the `create_mode` is `Restore`.
```
